#Bill Barnett##Co-founder, DeveloperSoftware development is a second career for Bill Barnett. After time in the Marine Corps and Air Force Reserve, he spent 17 years at Delta. Bill worked as a baggage handler, cleaned and re-stocked cabins and ultimately became an aircraft mechanic.At one point, Bill broke his collarbone and spent time working behind a desk at Delta. He took that opportunity to create a software database application to track the location of tools and parts. The company loved the app and flew Bill down to Atlanta headquarters. Then Delta gave the project to a young corporate employee.Bill realized he needed an education and enrolled in the University of Cincinnati, earning a bachelor’s degree in computer science while working in material services at Delta. He went on to work as a developer at Cincinnati Children’s Hospital and later SCRIP-SAFE, a company that created the country’s first digital transcription system for colleges and universities.He co-founded Gaslight in 2009 because he saw an opportunity to serve the business community with agile software development. Today you’ll find him building Web apps with Ruby and Ruby on Rails and using Backbone on the client side. In addition, he’s the co-founder of Cincinnati Coworks, Southwest Ohio Give Camp and BudgetSketch.Bill lives in Kenwood with his wife and daughter. He hopes to one day ride his bike across the United States.###Surprising FactBill and his wife visited Disneyland and Disney World a combined 13 times the first year they were married.###Connect With Bill[Twitter](https://twitter.com/agilous)<br>[Github](https://github.com/agilous)<br>Email bill@teamgaslight.com[SHORT BIO]Bill Barnett is a Co-founder and Developer at Gaslight, a Cincinnati software development firm that transforms businesses with web-based technology. He co-founded Gaslight in 2009 because he saw an opportunity to serve the business community with agile software development. Most days you’ll find him building Web apps with Ruby, Ruby on Rails and Backbone. [www.teamgaslight.com](http://www.teamgaslight.com)