#Chris Nelson##Co-founder, DeveloperChris wants Gaslight to be the kind of place where he’d really want to work if he wasn’t already here. From the company’s start, he’s been passionate about creating the best place in the world to build things with technology. He’s always looking for ways to make software development easier and more enjoyable, and he’s committed to sharing those new approaches with other developers.At Gaslight, Chris heads up many of our training efforts. He’s given workshops across the country in AngularJS and Ember.js, and spent time teaching at Dev Bootcamp in Chicago. You might also catch him giving a talk on technology. He’s spoken at RailsConf, RubyConf, BackboneConf, JavaOne, HTML5 Developer Conference, No Fluff Just Stuff and many others.Chris first came to Cincinnati to study violin performance at the University of Cincinnati College-Conservancy of Music. But during his junior year, he switched over to computer science for a more practical career path. He started his career maintaining a corporate website in the early days of the Web. Then went on to work at consulting companies and program in Perl and Java. Around 2007, he started an independent consulting business and began working in Ruby.When he’s not traveling to give workshops, Chris lives in Forest Park with his wife, four kids and three cats. He enjoys running and helping his daughter learn the violin.###Surprising FactWhen Chris was 6 years old, his favorite article of clothing was a pair of lederhosen.###Connect With Chris[Twitter](https://twitter.com/superchris)<br>[Github](https://github.com/superchris)<br>Email chris@teamgaslight.com[SHORT]Chris Nelson is a Co-founder and Developer at Gaslight, a Cincinnati software development firm that transforms businesses with web-based technology. He heads up many of our training efforts and has given workshops across the country in AngularJS and Ember.js and taught at Dev Bootcamp. He’s also given talks at RailsConf, RubyConf, BackboneConf, JavaOne, HTML5 Developer Conference, No Fluff Just Stuff and many others. [www.teamgaslight.com](http://www.teamgaslight.com)