#Dewayne Greenwood##Co-founder; Director, New BusinessDewayne’s favorite thing about Gaslight: He feels just as comfortable in the office as he does at home. It’s a company culture he brings into the sales process by always focusing on people. He’s the first person many clients meet, and he works hard to build genuine, trusting relationships from the start. Dewayne also leads Gaslight’s overall sales strategy.At the start of his career, Dewayne worked in banking. His experience across multiple banks was wide ranging from starting a direct mortgage loan call center to turning around underperforming markets, to eventually leading sales teams as a manager. Despite his success, Dewayne always wanted to start his own business, and eventually purchased an ice cream franchise with friends.The ice cream business didn’t work out as planned, but Dewayne’s next job as a systems analyst at a digital document company is where he met one of his future Gaslight partners, Bill Barnett. Dewayne still remembers signing the LLC papers for Gaslight while sitting in the front seat of Bill’s mini van.Dewayne holds a bachelor’s degree in Management Information Science from Franklin University. When he’s not working, you might find him hanging out on four acres north of Wilmington, Ohio, where he lives with his wife and three sons. He loves listening to music, playing the guitar and singing.###Surprising FactDewayne’s dad was in the Air Force, and he lived in England and Germany as a kid. He also has flown B-52, KC-135, DC8, DC9, and DC10 simulators. Even flew an F4 simulator once.###Connect With Dewayne[Twitter](https://twitter.com/xero6)<br>[Github](https://github.com/xero6)<br>Email dewayne@teamgaslight.com[SHORT]Dewayne Greenwood is a Co-founder and Director of New Business at Gaslight, a Cincinnati software development firm that transforms businesses with web-based technology. He’s the first person many clients meet, and he works hard to build genuine, trusting relationships from the start. Dewayne also leads Gaslight’s overall sales strategy. [www.teamgaslight.com](http://www.teamgaslight.com)