#Doug Alcorn##Co-founder, DeveloperDoug has worked at Gaslight longer than anywhere else in his career, and he’s focused on making the company a place where other people want to stay, too. He constantly works to create a culture where everyone feels respected and appreciated, and people have the autonomy and control to build great things.At Gaslight, you’ll often find Doug building apps in Ruby and JavaScript. He believes in minimizing work in progress and breaking a software project down into the smallest features that still deliver value. Doug is a frequent speaker on software development projects and has given talks at QCMerge, CodeMash, Wicked Good Ruby, Burlington Ruby Conference, Cincinnati Day of Agile and many others.Before co-founding Gaslight, Doug worked in a wide range of locations, industries and technologies. He’s lived in Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana, South Carolina, New Jersey, Ohio and Austria, and his software development resume includes everything from military projects and high-tech surgery applications to manufacturing. For his formal education, he earned a degree in Electrical Engineering from Oklahoma Christian University.Doug lives in Kings Mills with his wife, four kids and two dogs, and he loves seeking the quiet of the outdoors.###Surprising FactHe and his wife didn’t drink any alcohol until their wedding night, when they cracked open the bottle of wine in their honeymoon suite.###Connect With Doug[Twitter](https://twitter.com/dougalcorn)<br>[Github](https://github.com/dougalcorn)<br>Email doug@teamgaslight.com[SHORT]<br>Doug Alcorn is a Co-founder and Developer at Gaslight, a Cincinnati software development firm that transforms businesses with web-based technology. You’ll often find Doug building apps in Ruby and JavaScript. He believes in minimizing work in progress and breaking a software project down into the smallest features that still deliver value. Doug has given talks at QCMerge, CodeMash, Wicked Good Ruby, Burlington Ruby Conference, and others.  [www.teamgaslight.com](http://www.teamgaslight.com)