#Kristin Lasita##DesignerKristin was the very first full-time designer at Gaslight. She started the company’s design practice and created all the visuals for the Gaslight brand, from the logo to a website and style guide. When she’s doing client work, Kristin’s goal is to create a design that elevates the experience without complicating it. She’s always balancing time, beauty and function when she designs and builds an app.Before joining Gaslight, Kristin attended the University of Cincinnati College of Design, Architecture, Art and Planning (DAAP). She was so excited when she was accepted to the prestigious design school that she woke up her parents to tell them the news. During her time at DAAP, she held design co-ops at LPK and Jack Rouse Associates in Cincinnati and Stoltze Design in Boston.Kristin also spent several months as a co-op at Infinite Scale in Salt Lake City, where she worked on environmental graphics for the Orange Bowl and Sundance Film Festival. When she first joined Gaslight, she was completely new to HTML and CSS, but she picked up the ability to build her designs along the way. Now she shares her development skills through conference talks, including one at Cincinnati Day of Agile.When she’s not at Gaslight, Kristin lives in Oakley with her dog, Ellie. She loves crafting, traveling and shoes.###Surprising FactKristin, her mom (an airline employee), and her brother flew to London and back in a day to see William and Kate’s royal wedding procession.###Connect With Kristin[Twitter](https://twitter.com/kclasita)<br>[Github](https://github.com/kclasita)<br>Email kristin@teamgaslight.com[SHORT]Kristin Lasita is a Designer at Gaslight, a Cincinnati software development firm that transforms businesses with web-based technology. Kristin’s goal is to create a design that elevates the experience without complicating it. She’s always balancing time, beauty and function when she designs and builds an app. [www.teamgaslight.com](http://www.teamgaslight.com)