#Merrilee Luke-Ebbeler##Office ManagerMerrilee takes care of the million tiny details that make Gaslight run smoothly every day. She collaborates with our accounting, HR and benefits providers, organizes Meetups and events, and on-boards new team members. On top of all that, she keeps our office a happy place to be—handling everything from the look and feel of our space to keeping the kitchen stocked with tasty snacks.Before joining Gaslight, her career focused around the art world. Merrilee earned a B.F.A. in photography from the Art Academy of Cincinnati then headed for San Francisco for seven years. She spent that time working in custom photo labs and assisting photographers on commercial shoots.In 2000, she moved back to Cincinnati and started working at major arts organizations, holding staff positions at the Aronoff Center and Contemporary Arts Center. Eventually, she went out on her own doing a mix of freelance event planning and commercial portrait photography.Today Merrilee lives in Northside with her husband, son and a cat named Frankie. You might find her rehabbing her 103-year-old house, reading a novel or shooting images for her next photography exhibit.###Surprising FactShe once danced with Milli Vanilli at a nightclub during the height of the musical duo’s popularity.###Connect With Merrilee[Github](https://github.com/merrilee)<br>Email merrilee@teamgaslight.com[SHORT]<br>Merrilee Luke-Ebbeler is the Office Manager at Gaslight, a Cincinnati software development firm that transforms businesses with web-based technology. She takes care of the million tiny details that make Gaslight run smoothly—everything from collaborating with our accounting, HR and benefits providers to keeping the office a happy place to work. [www.teamgaslight.com](http://www.teamgaslight.com)