#Michelle Taute##Writer, Content StrategistMichelle is the first ever writer and content strategist at Gaslight. She develops our brand voice and leads many of our content marketing efforts. Whether she’s writing copy for the Gaslight brand or a client project, she’s always focused on creating clear, compelling and concise copy that builds real connections. She’s also on a one-woman mission to eliminate useless jargon from the world.Before joining Gaslight, Michelle spent 13 years as an independent writer and consultant. She’s created copy and content strategy for magazines, blogs, scrappy entrepreneurs and dozens of really big brands. Her articles have appeared everywhere from Better Homes and Gardens and USA Weekend to Communication Arts, Metropolis and Print. In addition, Michelle has written three books, most recently Fold Me Up: 100 Paper Fortune-Tellers for Life’s Pressing Questions.She started her career as a magazine editor, working on staff at The Artist’s Magazine and a now-defunct design magazine called I.D. Michelle earned degrees in journalism and English from the University of Missouri-Columbia.When she’s not at work, you’ll likely find her in Clifton Heights, where she lives with her husband, two rowdy coonhounds (Henry and Zoey) and a really old, really fluffy cat named Austin. She loves travel, bicycles, books, cootie catchers, ice cream, yoga and gardening.###Surprising FactMichelle grew up in a house on stilts with a front yard that ended at the edge of the Mississippi River.###Connect With Michelle[Twitter](https://twitter.com/michelletaute)<br>[Github](https://github.com/MichelleTaute)<br>Email michelle@teamgaslight.com[SHORT]<br>Michelle Taute is a writer and content strategist at Gaslight, a Cincinnati software development firm that transforms businesses with web-based technology. She works on everything from brand voice to content marketing for both the Gaslight brand and client projects. Michelle is the author of three books and has written for a wide range of national magazines and consumer brands. She really, really hates jargon. [www.teamgaslight.com](http://www.teamgaslight.com)