#Mitch Lloyd##DeveloperMitch started programming in his junior year of high school when he and a close friend took a C++ class together. He was hooked and spent the entire summer making computer games. When he headed to Indiana University, he enjoyed his computer science classes but chose to follow his interests in psychology and biology.Six months after graduation Mitch reassessed his career path and headed back to Indiana University for a master’s degree in information systems. He interned at PricewaterhouseCoopers, and after finishing his program, Mitch moved to Cincinnati and worked there for five years. He audited information systems for large companies and loved the glimpse into how different businesses run.On the side, Mitch built software with Ruby, attending Ruby Meetups in Cincinnati and in New York and Boston when he traveled for work. His day job didn’t technically require any programming, but he’d often write scripts to automate routine work for auditors.At Gaslight Mitch focuses on understanding each client’s problem and figuring out how to solve it in an economic way. He works with both frontend and backend technology, and brings a deep empathy for users to all his work. Mitch has spoken at WindyCityRails and taught a class in Ruby on Rails at Northern Kentucky University.When he’s not working, you might find Mitch doing CrossFit, visiting with friends or hanging out in Over the Rhine.###Surprising FactMitch(ell) and his three siblings all have two letter “L”s in their first names.###Connect With Mitch[Twitter](https://twitter.com/too_mitch)<br>[Github](https://github.com/mitchlloyd)<br>Email mitch@teamgaslight.com[SHORT]<br>Mitch Lloyd is a Developer at Gaslight, a Cincinnati software development firm that transforms businesses with web-based technology. He works with both frontend and backend technology, and brings a deep empathy for users to all his work. Mitch has spoken at WindyCityRails and taught a class in Ruby on Rails at Northern Kentucky University. [www.teamgaslight.com](http://www.teamgaslight.com)